Instructor: In this lecture,
I'm gonna show you how to install
Kali Linux as a Virtual Machine inside Windows.
Skip this lecture if you're running
Apple, macOS, or Linux,
as I will cover that in the next lectures.
Now, I already have it downloaded in here.
This is an archive that contains
the actual Virtual Image of Kali.
We did that to compress its size,
so that it doesn't take a long time to download.
So now that we have it downloaded,
we're gonna need to install a program
that can uncompress 7-ZIP Archives
and show us the contents.
To do that, we're gonna go to Chrome,
and you wanna go to 7-zip.org.
I will include that in the resources of this lecture.
And you wanna download the version
that is compatible with your operating system.
I have a 64 bit operating system,
so I'm downloading the 64 bit.
And once the download is complete,
we can simply click on it to install it,
give it Permissions,
and click on Install.
Once the install is complete,
we're gonna click on Close,
and we're gonna go back on our Downloads Directory.
And right now, because we installed 7-ZIP, this program,
we're gonna be able to uncompress this archive
and see the Virtual Image inside it.
So I'm gonna right click,
and as you can see, I have an entry called 7-Zip now.
And if I hover over it
and click on Extract Here, it will uncompress that image
and reveal its contents.
As you can see now, we have a new directory
and you can see the extension now is .vmwarevm.
So as mentioned in the previous lecture,
VMware is the software that we're gonna use
to run different operating systems as Virtual Machines.
And this file right here is designed to run inside VMware
as a Virtual Machine.
So in order to run it, we're gonna have to go ahead
and install VMware.
Now, you can download VMware from the same page
where you downloaded the Custom Kali.
I'm gonna include its link in the resources
of this lecture as well.
I already have it opened in here.
And we're just gonna scroll down
past the Kali download links.
You'll see we have a new section here
that has the VMware player download links
for all operating systems.
Make sure you download the correct one
for your operating system.
We're covering installing Kali on Windows in this lecturer,
that's why we're gonna download the Windows one.
And installing Kali for other operating systems
is covered in the next lectures as mentioned.
So we're gonna click on this link in here to download it,
and we're gonna click on Download in here again.
And that's gonna start the download process for us.
Once the download is complete,
you can simply view it in your Downloads
or click it here to run it.
Give its Permissions.
And similar to installing any software on Windows,
you really don't need to do much.
We're simply just gonna click on Next, Next, Next, Next.
Accept the Agreement.
Next, Next, Next.
And let it install.
The installation is complete.
We're gonna click on Finish.
And now we should be able
to run this Virtual Machine file
that we downloaded the .vmwarevm file,
using VMware Workstation Player.
So we're gonna double click it to start it.
And I'm gonna minimize this.
We're gonna click on Open Virtual Machine in here,
or you can go on the Player, File and Open.
We're gonna navigate to the location
where we downloaded the Virtual Image of Kali
in my Downloads.
And as you can see, we have it in here.
Keep in mind, it's the .vmwarevm file,
so it ends with .vmwarevm.
We're gonna click on it, we're gonna click on Open.
And inside it, we have another file,
the only one file that we can select,
we're gonna select it and click on Open.
If you get no errors, as you can see in here,
in my case, that's it.
The machine is now installed and ready to be used.
Now, before running it,
I'm gonna click on Edit Virtual Machine Settings
or right click and Settings,
just to give you an idea of what the settings look like,
so you feel more comfortable with VMware,
because modifying Virtual Machine Settings
is always the same regardless of what type
of Virtual Machine it is.
So as you can see in this window, first of all,
we can modify the amount of memory
that the Virtual Machine has,
and this machine is set to two gigabytes
of memory by default.
That is enough, but you can increase it up
or down using this slider.
You can also modify the amount of Processors
that the machine has.
So as you can see,
this one has two Processors assigned to it.
That is plenty.
It's enough, as you'll see,
but you can give it more if you want to give it more.
Another really important option is the Network Adapter.
And as you can see, this is set to NAT,
and this setting will basically create a Virtual Network,
where my Host Machine is going
to be the Router for this Network.
And then all the Virtual Machines
are going to be Clients connected to this Network.
So they're going to get internet connection
from my Host Machine.
And at the same time,
all of my Virtual Machines will be connected
to the same Virtual Network.
This is very handy,
because my Virtual Machines will be able to communicate
with each other and therefore,
will be able to use the Kali Machine to hack
into the others, will be able to test network attacks,
and do much more.
So this setting will first allow my Virtual Machines
to have internet connection
and it will also allow them to communicate with each other
through this Virtual NAT Network.
Now, this Virtual Network will rely on the connection
of your host computer.
So it will not need any extra interfaces,
it will not need any extra adapters.
And as far as the Virtual Machines are concerned,
they are connected to an Ethernet Network,
but in reality, they are connected through the Host Machine.
You can also modify the Display Settings in here,
if you have a bigger screen or a smaller screen.
And I usually like to tick this box in here,
the Accelerate 3D Graphics.
And that's pretty much it.
So we're gonna click on OK.
And like I said, you actually don't need
to modify any of these settings.
I just wanted to show you what kind of settings we can set
for these Virtual Machines.
But once you're ready to run the Virtual Machine,
we're just gonna click on the green Play button to start it.
Now, I'm gonna click on inside
and click Enter to start Kali.
And I know it's starting very small,
this is because I have a High Resolution Screen.
It's probably gonna start in the normal size for you.
I'm just gonna zoom in for you.
And perfect, we have the login screen here for Kali,
so the username is ROOT,
and the password is TOOR, the reverse.
We're gonna hit Enter.
And perfect, as you can see now,
we are running this Linux Operating System
as a Virtual Machine inside my Windows Operating System
in here.
And we're gonna use this Linux Operating System
for hacking as we go through the course.
Now, before we wrap it up, I wanna go into Full Screen.
So we're gonna click on the Player,
and we're gonna click on Full Screen.
And as you can see, this will automatically
go in Full Screen.
So again, I'm still using Kali within
my Host Operating System, which is Windows.
And in most cases, Kali will look normal.
But as you can see, in my case, the icons are very small
and the text here on the top is very small,
and that's because I have a 4K Display.
So we're gonna need to manually modify the Display Settings.
And to do that, we're gonna right click, go to Settings,
and we're gonna set the Scale to 200.
I'm gonna click on Apply.
We're gonna keep the changes.
And perfect, now Kali looks normal for me.
You don't have to do this if Kali looked normal
from the start, only if you have a High Resolution Screen,
you might have to do this.
Now, I know this operating system
looks a little bit confusing and scary,
but don't worry about it at all,
I will teach you how to use it step-by-step
as we go through the course.
If you face any issues while installing Kali,
check out the Featured Questions first,
and if you don't see your answer,
feel free to ask us in the Q&A or in the Forums,
and we will respond to you within a maximum of 15 hours.
And to turn off Kali, you can simply click here,
go to Power Off, and Power Off,
click on Power Off one more time,
and the machine will shut down.